update netbird server modules (#487367)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/modules/services/networking/netbird/server.md

    };
  };
}
```

## Relay vs Coturn {#module-services-netbird-server-relay-vs-coturn}

| Feature | Relay Server | Coturn |
|---------|--------------|--------|
| Protocol | WebSocket/HTTP(S) | TURN (UDP/TCP) |
| Firewall | Single port (443) | Multiple ports + UDP range |
| Setup | Simple | More complex |
| Embedded STUN | Yes | No (separate config) |
| Performance | Optimized for NetBird | General-purpose |

**Recommendation:** Use the relay server for new deployments. Only use Coturn if you have specific requirements for standard TURN protocol compatibility.

## Embedded Identity Provider {#module-services-netbird-server-embedded-idp}

NetBird supports an embedded identity provider for simplified deployments that don't require an external SSO. Enable it with `idp.embedded.enable`, then customize via the freeform `settings` option:

```nix
{
  services.netbird.server.management = {
    enable = true;
    domain = "netbird.example.com";
    turnDomain = "netbird.example.com";

    idp.embedded.enable = true;

    settings = {
      ProviderConfig = {
        Owner = {
          Email = "admin@example.com";
          Username = "admin";

>           # Generate with: htpasswd -bnBC 10 "" 'your-password' | tr -d ':\n'
>           Password._secret = "/run/secrets/admin-password-hash";

Reviewer: Two things here:

1. The key must be `Hash`, not `Password` — same bug as the derived block in `management.nix` (the value is already a bcrypt hash, per the comment). As written, copy-pasting this leaves the admin unable to log in.
2. `mkpasswd` is the more idiomatic generator for a NixOS doc than `htpasswd`: it's a small standalone package (`htpasswd` pulls in `apacheHttpd`), prints just the hash (no `tr -d ':\n'`), emits the native `$2b$` bcrypt variant, and can read the password from a prompt instead of `argv`. Its default cost is only 5, so pass `-R 10`. (`htpasswd`'s `$2y$` also works — Go's bcrypt gates on the major version only — so this is ergonomics, not a correctness fix.)

```suggestion
          # Generate with: mkpasswd -m bcrypt -R 10   (type the password when prompted)
          Hash._secret = "/run/secrets/admin-password-hash";
```

*Implemented in [`0e667c8`](https://github.com/RafaelKr/nixpkgs/commit/0e667c82c4fc873a1f1198b99c8ac74849e82637) (same commit as the `management.nix` owner fix) — cherry-pick-ready.*
